so today we're trying a little
experiment with shirataki noodles also
called miracle noodles now you may have
heard about shirataki noodles because I
certainly have you know in the fitness
industry shirataki noodles have really
made a name for themselves and I've
heard all sorts of things about these
noodles I mean I've heard everything
between these things are unbelievable
there's a miracle food of the century -
oh my gosh these things smell incredibly
poor ibly awful and unless you want your
husband to divorce you and your kids to
disown you do not open these in your
house so we're gonna go on a hunt for
shirataki noodles but these puppies up
and see what we can do with these let's
head off to the store so I was gonna
head to the Whole Foods Market which
just opened up here in Boise Idaho first
time we've had Whole Foods but I just
drove past there and there were like 4
billion people in the parking lot so
we're not going to do that we're going
to the Boise co-op which as I understand
also has shirataki noodles cuz they're
pretty hard to find here in Boise I
understand that you can get shirataki
noodles also online I think amazon.com
but I'd like to see them in person here
I think they're in the refrigerated
section so let's go ahead and check this
out
check this out over here the boy seek
people over here attack
it looks like we get all sorts of
options here whoo
no crazy focus all right now we're going
to pout which one my work
people do these and maybe a couple
others okay we're going to try out a few
days ago a couple space ones here
you ever had shirataki noodles I have
not say look today we go but they're
very popular Oh popular Neptune have a
video about it
alright so we're back to the studio now
and we have three types of shirataki
noodles we have the miracle noodle
garlic and herb angel hair plane in this
kind of squishy liquid and then some
other brand shirataki noodles plain
stuff $7.80 $7.00 Nathan's most of this
is liquid those it's made from a plant
called big can you go EMU kaun kaun kaun
yeah cool I move an apple a macaca emo
knuckle and Rocco emo okay people it's
the moment of truth
oh my gosh just think that the worst
possible thing you've ever smelled in
your life and then triple that you just
might consider opening these outside
your house and leaving them out there
for quite a while don't think you have
to worry about any small animals taking
this because they got within a five foot
radius but okay they weren't kidding oh
oh okay now we're going to put this in
the boiling water and it looks I'm gonna
like seaweed no umm yeah basically
tastes like nothing
hey not bad
here's a little pink piece yeah
so it takes a little bit of getting used
to but it's actually not too bad so what
have I learned from my shirataki noodles
perience one less I get the lottery
don't think I'll be buying any more of
these any time soon too unless I really
want to play a practical joke on my
family yeah not gonna be cooking this in
the house anymore
and three chewing on a box of rubber
bands is less expensive but just as
satisfying but it's a great way to play
a little prank on your family go ahead
and cook these up just before I get home
you'll be really popular so there you
have it shirataki noodles